Before we dive deeper into Power BI service,
let's take a look at that,
the ways to continue as I would call it.
Let's take a look at the ways that we can take.
So at the moment, we have you or me,
so a single user,
so this means we are in this area right now to the left, a single user finishing his local Power BI
Desktop work.
Now one option will be that you say well we did that,
we are really happy with what we have right now and we don't want to share that with other people or on
other platforms.
This will mean we only keep the file locally and can only access it when we're are using it with
the computer
where the file is saved. If this is the case, then we stop right here because you have your file and you
can use it on your computer,
everything is fine.
This is one option when you are a single user but you might have other plans,
one of these other plans could be that you are still working with your local file but you would like
to access that file from other computers,
so you would like to have your data in kind of a cloud solution where you can always access the data
and have a look at the dataset and the visualizations.
If you want to do that, then you have to do the following -
you need to publish your data,
so your Power BI Desktop data and you will publish that data to Power BI service.
The important thing is that we are still talking about the single user,
so about you or me.
So you don't want to share this with other people,
so the only purpose is that you upload your data or connect Power BI service to your Power BI desktop
file and by that are able to access the data from anywhere. And talking about anywhere,
maybe you don't only want to access the data using another computer,
you might also want to access your data using an app on your mobile phone
and this is also possible,
so you could use the Power BI mobile app to be able to access the data from your mobile phone.
So this is the single user case that we have right here
but what if you not a single user, what if you're part of an organization right here?
So the starting point in the organization is actually the same,
so it's still you as the single user and the creator of that Power BI Desktop file
and again, you want to publish it or share it with Power BI Service.
So far, no difference to the single user case
but what if you now want to collaborate with other people,
so from the IT department for instance, like this? Collaboration could mean that you work together on new
visualizations based on the initial data you prepared in the Power BI desktop file.
This is one thing that you might want to do, as soon as you've finished your collaboration,
you might want to share that result and by sharing, I mean that you don't want other people to be able
to change the results but only to be able to look at the results, like the people from the marketing
division for instance.
Now this is the last thing you might want to do.
You might want to share it with the Power BI Service application of the marketing department
and also with that mobile apps maybe, so that the marketing people can have a look at the data
also on the computer with the service application or from the mobile phone with the mobile apps. Now
those are the ways to continue that we might consider in this module.
So to summarize what we just talked about, we want to answer the following questions.
How can we publish our data from Power BI desktop to Power BI service,
how can we collaborate in Power BI service with other colleagues,
so really work on the data basically and create new visualizations or dashboards for instance and how can
we share the data and specify what data we want to share?
Now we will answer all of those questions in this module but before we do that, we have to take a look
at Power BI again because there is not only one version of Power BI existing, there are more versions
and before we dive deeper, you have to understand what the differences are.
Let's take a look at the differences in the next video.